

Solutions for Today’s Challenges. Vision for Tomorrow’s Opportunities.

Join William Blair, the Premier Global Partnership.


William Blair’s sell-side equity research team is responsible for delivering superior investment ideas and value-added perspective for over 600 quality growth companies. Through exhaustive fundamental research and unique insight derived from independent thinking, the team’s award-winning analysts work tirelessly to identify companies that can deliver superior investment returns for clients. Acting as the company's laboratory for new investment ideas, it specializes in providing investment analysis on companies in the following industry sectors: consumer; financial services and technology; global industrial infrastructure; global services; healthcare; and technology, media, and communications.

Assemble and validate data on quality growth companies and conduct fundamental research and analyses on industry sectors, companies and securities at the direction of senior Research Analysts. Develop and/or update financial models and other statistical data for security analyses. Document findings and develop reports, presentation materials and educational tools for investment teams, clients and prospects.

Responsibilities include but may not be limited to:


Conduct research, build and/or update financial models and other statistical data for use in the formulation of security analysis.

Prepare internal and external written reports, notes, and other documents to communicate investment ideas, research, news events and opinions regarding security analysis.

Visit companies, attend conferences and other relevant events. Build and maintain relationships with company executives, prepare records and files to develop and maintain sources of information to assist in analysis activities.

Answer inquiries from customers, personnel of the firm and the general public regarding individual securities or industry groups.

Identify and formulate new investment ideas, and issue opinions and recommendations to clients on securities and companies in one or more industry groups targeted to follow, in order to generate new business activity.

Participate in other projects as requested by management.


Qualifications:


M.D. or Ph.D. in biology or chemistry (or related life sciences field) strongly preferred.

Minimum of 1-2 years related work or internship experience.

Strong writing skills required.

Strong conceptual and critical thinking skills.

Strong accounting and financial statement analysis skills.

Capable of building computer generated financial models.

Delivers clear, effective verbal and written communication and takes responsibility for understanding others.

Proficient in Internet searches and Microsoft Office products.

Practical and capable of simplifying and summarizing complex information.

Commits to satisfying internal and external customers.

SIE Exam, Series 7, 63, 86, and 87 required (must be obtained within first 180 days).


#LI-CG1
#LI-Hybrid
A reasonable estimate of the current base salary range at time of posting is below. Base salary does not include other forms of compensation or benefits. Actual base salary within the specified range is based on several factors, including but not limited to applicant's skills, prior relevant experience, specific degrees and certifications, job responsibilities, market considerations and, if applicable, the location of the position.

This role is eligible for either a discretionary annual bonus (based on company, business unit and individual performance) and/or commission-based incentives.

Our featured benefit offerings include medical, dental and vision coverage, employer paid short & long-term disability and life insurance, 401(k), profit sharing, paid time off, Maven family & fertility benefit, parental leave (including adoption, surrogacy, and foster placement), as well as other voluntary benefits.
Salary Range
$140,000
—
$155,000 USD





About Our Firm



William Blair strives to attract qualified candidates who specialize in investment banking, investment management, private wealth management, and other strategic resource groups. We are committed to empowering our colleagues to deliver client success and engage in our communities. Our firm has delivered trusted advice for nine decades, continuing to deepen our expertise and relationships across asset classes and markets throughout North America, Europe, and Asia. We provide advisory services, strategies, and solutions to meet clients’ evolving needs amid dynamic market conditions and varying industries. What sets us apart is that we are an independent partnership, with colleagues who have unique experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds. We empower our people to bring their best thinking so we can deliver the tailored, thoughtful work and problem-solving abilities that our clients expect. We invite you to learn more about us by visiting
williamblair.com
.

William Blair is an equal opportunity employer. It complies with all laws and regulations that prohibit discrimination in employment practice because of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, marital status, gender, age, national origin, sexual orientation, unfavorable discharge from the military service or on the basis of a physical or mental disability that is unrelated to the employee's ability to perform the duties of the job applied for. EOE m/f/d/v

Be aware of hiring scams
: William Blair has clear processes and guidelines with regards to recruiting. We do not request personal financial information in connection with an employment application nor does William Blair extend any employment offers without first conducting an interview through one of its registered offices. William Blair does not use instant messaging services such as WhatsApp, Telegram, or iMessage as part of the recruiting or interviewing process.

Note to External Recruiters / Search Firms
: William Blair does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not pay for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. Any unsolicited resumes received will not be considered as a valid submission.

Download William Blair's privacy policies for job applicants:


California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice (CCPA)

General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice (GDPR)


Contact us
should you have any questions or concerns.

